Added a description of availability in a post merge network. (#381)
ConsenSys/doc.teku: docs/Concepts/Merge.md

layer transactions.

You can [prepare Teku for The Merge](../HowTo/Prepare-for-The-Merge.md).

## After The Merge

After the merge of a network is complete, a single 'node' becomes a combination of both the execution client and the consensus client. 

> If either component is not available, the node will not be available on the network.

Reviewer: I don't think that "available on the network" is the right phrase here. The CL will be connected to the network and have peers, but if the EL is not available at all, then it can't import blocks (not even optimistically) so it will be unable to follow the chain head correctly. Once the EL is available again it will then import those blocks and catch back up to the chain head.

Author: Fair call, I was mostly trying to get a starting point covering the intent of what to say and hoping someone could make it pretty...

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like "node will not be a full-fledged member of the network"

This means that after the merge has occurred, for a node to be available on the network, both the execution client and the consensus client must be 
active.  Further, for duties to be performed, the execution client and the consensus client must be in sync with their portion of the network. 

> If the execution client is syncing, the consensus client can run optimistically, but cannot perform duties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the execution client is syncing, the consensus client can use optimistic sync to import blocks, but cannot perform duties.
```

We could potentially explain that optimistic sync involves importing blocks before the EL has fully validated the execution payload in those blocks. When the EL is in sync it will complete that verification.
